I recently discussed free weights with a friend who takes his fitness pretty seriously, and I mentioned to him that my apartment building has a modest gym that I hadn't really checked out. He suggested I stop by and take some pics of the equipment so he could judge its worthiness. I looked in on it with cameraphone in hand other day on the way to work, but it was in use so I let it go for a couple days.<br /><br />Today my friend messaged me when I got home.<br /><br />Chris 05:23:09 PM<br />You get them photos?<br /><br />Rob 05:23:11 PM<br />Ah fuck.<br />Aight well I gotta hit the laundry room, I'll detour the gym on the way back.<br /><br />Chris 05:23:54 PM<br />Ya, do that.<br /><br />Rob 05:24:53 PM<br />But srsly if theres ppl in there I'm not standin around takin pics like a creeper.<br />I'll be the guy with the laundry detergent and the bleach gettin the fuck outta there.<br /><br /><div style="text-align: center;"><i>15 minutes later ...</i></div><br />Rob 05:40:52 PM<br />So that went well.<br /><br />I walked in and there were two hot chicks doing some kind of aerobic thing in front of a mirror that pointed at me and a chick on a bike facing the door.<br /><br />They all stared at me in my work shirt and jeans holding a jug of laundry soap.<br /><br />At which point I was realizing that I had gone down and forgotten my phone up here.<br /><br />So they all got an eyefull of a tableau I'm calling: confused idiot with soap.<br /><br />If I'd had a camera I'd have taken a picture of that, it would have been great I'm sure.<br /><br />Chris 05:42:52 PM<br />That is some of the best performance art I've heard of.<br /><br />Rob 05:43:00 PM<br />Hahah, maybe I missed my calling?<br /><br />Chris 05:43:12<br />Never too late.